Well, honestly, the truth is I'm a
little lazy to talk about what I'm going to
talk about but it's only December, let's
see or Cabrera to put it into context a little bit,
Cabrera is a
Dallas guy in Latin America that's the
summary I could do, okay, I could
tell you a lot of stories that have
happened with Yao Cabrera, there's
probably no way if you haven't lived in a
Hindu temple in recent years, open up and
listen to most of them but just in case they
suddenly come to mind, I think the one
that became the most popular was the
stabbing thing, okay, he went and
pretended he was stabbed
while buying drugs, he painted
Sheen's entire vest with pink watercolor or something
like that and well, that topic went quite viral,
then after this, well, he's also pretending to be a
pedophile, he
also asked to have him kidnapped on the
web,
assign the boy, now recently he
also said that he had put him in
jail anyway, making up that story, it's
not like you can see his channel is a
little stiff apart from having copied it
all his life on YouTube  anything goes
because he wants it and everything, I mean, everything he's
seen that works is what he's
tried to do, what I'm telling you, even
imitating Logan Paul, he's in his
clothing brand, not even him, well, he's already
imitating Logan Paul, even having a
dwarf friend, okay, to record in a
mansion with several colleagues, well, getting
a dwarf friend and recording with him when he
created his viral team is not viral TV, which we
've already talked about here on the
channel, what he created was a kind of
copy of bada boom, I mean, he must
have very low aspirations to
copy you, I owe you dabul, well, he created
a channel with his colleagues pretending it
was a company and releasing eight
videos a day, not doing the same thing as
badaboom and of his latest plagiarism,
well, we've had it done, not the issue of
copying it, you guy, but let's go with the
interviews with the tail with the same
format, I mean, nailing the same title
thumbnail format
to everyone, I mean, we haven't invented the interviews,
but with YouTube it's that
you've copied even the same
style of putting the title, everything, on the other
hand, we have the crazy one  demente is a
youtuber who has hit a high in the
last year but he's really really big
okay he has numbers that are on par with
youtube
as I save jobs in Michigan he's had
a huge growth I don't follow his
content I've only seen some
criticism videos where he's reacted
to the rose of guadalupe as well but I don't
usually follow his videos but they've
told me that you have a lot of fun with him
the thing is that he has a
super 8 growth and even cabrera has been in a
lot of [ __ ] for a while no one
wants him I don't think so one of his
biggest downs was when they asked for a photo of
him kissing some fans
dallas from latin america on the mouth and what's
happening is that since he's having a
really big growth
a lot of people are becoming interested in getting close to him
among them already cabrera or so a
super regrettable thing is that already
cabrera has a video on his channel
called extreme jokes on the street
fit the 20 year old and the one from mente doesn't appear it's a
video that he didn't make with the one from mente
okay  and he puts it as if it were in the
title a collaboration the case among
other things and has seen people mind make
his channel has been a guy like in mine does
not comment on some controversies makes
some criticisms I have seen that he has
commented on some times videos of
nordelta rogers some people no no
of those who have fallen well evidently
already or cabrera already or cabrera is one of the
most criticized people there is not
always involved in controversy the
dallas of Latin America then well they have
had between them a certain pique have
not always been throwing bar of or
not one and the other on social networks and
well videos and this weekend there were
some awards ok where they awarded
youtube green Latin American the best
youtuber on youtube the funniest the
most creative youtuber in some awards
called martín fierros that apparently
according to what the madman tells us in his last
video what he captured is that it is
becoming like a style here in Spain what
were the play a word okay
or [ __ ] no an attempt at something to
scratch from the youtubers by the
television let's go a  what a joke the
madman was nominated for these awards and
then they had like some parties they
were having a few drinks and stuff
and nobody knows how he got in there or
Cabrera who wasn't nominated for anything
or indies or anything what happens is he was
there to be a pain in the ass and the
following happened when he met the
madman inside the place he went to annoy him
we have a video that he
uploaded on his channel and we're going to analyze it
because it's a real pain guys I
find the Martín Fierro digital
Argentina and this is precisely what I
do is record with my cell phone that
the madman is there to face
life in 100 violence is nobody to
stop he deleted his email because we have
problems on the network because we don't
solve it's a good way
that everything not to say between having them in
general for this intro that you are
seeing I recorded it after what happened
okay when all this had already happened to him
that the madman pushed him and the whole
host records this entered to edit it in
the video and put it before ok he
says he is going to approach the  crazy to
try to solve their problems let's
see
how to solve the problems of
yao cabrera
[Music]
kind of mind and with a life
I come to approach to see if you wanted to
tell me something in person as you always
tell me through the networks
that's your way of fixing things already
cabrera because for me he made a
provocation I don't know even the kid at a
party drinking quietly and you come to
touch the balls from behind and on top of that
with a camera still if you have a drink and you
come to fix the problems hey
why do you look many times the youtubers
we throw beef around here for the videos
on social networks and that and it's a
bit part of the show surely I with
almost all the youtubers who criticize
my videos and that I found them in
real life I would have a drink or a
beer with it okay but here there are
personal things for example in a video
already or cabrera as he is so dirty crawling piece
of [ __ ] I call mongolito or [ __ ] the
brother of the crazy person who has a
mental disability it's not that you have to be
from Latin America then of
course the crazy person in hardly  I think I'm
willing to talk to this
person to fix things but listen,
if I come to Cabrera on a good note and
apologize and we talk
things over, well, things will calm down, what
you can't expect at a party when you're having a
good time is approaching from behind
but recording him to get a
crappy video because you Cabrera, you
need this, the crazy guy, no,
first the m3
adhesions, attention done and listen
well, well, what he says and what's
subtitled here, okay,
stop recording, stop, that's what
the crazy guy and the [ __ ] tells him. This guy puts the
subtitles on, I'm going to kill you, idiot,
he's scum, already Cabrera, really, I've already done it, I'm too
lazy, he
commented on one of your videos, okay, I'm
doing it because it's December, but the thing is, I'm really
lazy because the thing is that you can't
do anything that will leave you in a worse
place, you know, the only good thing I see in you is that you can't get any worse, okay, the only good thing I see in you is that you can't be any
worse,
okay, the only good thing I see in you is that you ca
n't be any more disgusting, we're
seeing how to manipulate in your whole [ __ ]
face so that  to look good to
start more of a fight it's not to say that the
crazy guy was threatened I'm sending you a
forward because I saw people behind my back
having physical contact with a person they do
n't trust if you don't
trust me don't put your
arm around me and even less if we have a
bad feeling and you're very involved
very dirty with someone in my family no
but
respect my space okay you have to respect my vital space
and if you're
hitting me in the face and putting your cell phone
in my face to record me well it's normal
that he had a push I would surely if it
were my brother the disabled one and you would
call him [ __ ] the way I see you
on the street I'd break your mouth it wouldn't be
the first time that they've broken your face no
me Cabrera already on some occasions
okay yes it's true that there have been
things that have been false not like the one with
Juanpa Barrot or the one with the stabbings this is
[ __ ] but it is true that there have been
a couple of absences because of the
idiot that you are he
is not inviting him to dance with a
sevillana I
don't think it's that much  save right now
is incredible not this
moment the funniest of the video and is that we
see how Yao comes this
way he makes his way here he
makes his way he didn't make friends with
them they are separating him but here they
are not friends that we are here divine
a little bit the curb
[Music]
with very funny sounds does not happen in the
world have breakfast curb from time to time
obviously
or rather there he is biting no or crazy he
talks on networks and here no no as if to say you
are a coward do not tell me things on
the networks and to my face no and then here we
see what kind of truth this is your
way rule is that you disgust man it is that I
should have hit you since the 80s
but like what a way to cut the roll
at a party that is there the kids
having a good time owner of the place I find this
very funny that he puts the
date with the owner of the place and what a
coincidence that the owner of the place is
there in the middle right there and he gets involved to
separate us I think this will be a
security guard and this [ __ ]
to look good could put some
subtitles
worth a  subtitle like what's happening
will we have to pass or are you okay and I
only hear what's happening bro like
calling him the tension not like what's happening you
come looking for trouble and he puts it here
like he's the owner of the place and well
his brother is here with him he's not here to
death with his friend me to cabrera
and this is the end do not like this
video and subscribe because the [ __ ] do you want to
subscribe and subscribe to this channel if you
want me to upload exclusive images tomorrow
about the physical aggression of the
madman what exclusive images of
exclusive images what [ __ ] [ __ ] is to
get subscribers now
cabrera is going to see those who have more or less
continued to have the normal growth
that they have but what the [ __ ] is already
cabrera I mean what exclusive images
can you have if we have already seen it here
we have seen everything everything that happened that he is
going to show us the same video maybe
from another angle because the thing is that there is no more, there is no more,
these people are not afraid
they have an owl and that's it, it's not that more than a
50 second video in fact they can't get you
out we see on twitter like
cabrera in an attempt to  manipulation to
his fan gives us those in Latin America I went to
ask the madman if our
network problems could be solved
since we both dedicate ourselves to entertaining
and it's good that we give a good message
this was his answer I'm
going to ask the madman if our
problems between us can be solved I just
got out of your mind and the three questions
but he didn't
want to say
if he wanted to tell me something in person as he
tells me on the network there are not
many ways to interpret this tweet
[ __ ] it's over here
the twitter of ya cabrera is coming and I've seen that he
participates in some
radio and television programs and I ask myself man
to those televisions to those
media that you have this character
working I am really aware of
the things that this [ __ ] clown does on the internet
and well the madman has put
I have nothing to fix with
someone who called my brother a [ __ ]
how ugly guy how cold how creepy calling a
[ __ ] has [ __ ] a person with a
mental deficiency he said to my brother for
the simple fact of being disabled I
have nothing to fix with someone
who abuses minors in my  late they piss me off
and he reacted it's because he has
every right to not want to fix
anything with him and in any case if you want to
fix something with me you don't do it with
a camera in front to generate
content for your dead channel come and
talk to me viola pete the fact is that he's
studying to open one day he has to
take
a lesson because he has to
stop being the way he is
look they've already broken his little mouth on
a couple of occasions as I've shown you
previously and he doesn't learn dude I don't know if
this guy has been more
unpresentable all his life I remember
perfectly in the first video that
biden in cabrera was that I found it
by chance okay it wasn't that well known
at that time and it was a joke that he
made to a woman who worked in a
pharmacy and he asked her out so that to have
a date with her he would meet her in a square
and when they saw each other he would go and appear
with a cake he would plant a pie in
the woman's face and run away
with this acquaintance who was joking to a
female pharmacist whom humiliatingly
and you threw a pie at her  in the middle of the
street he looked like a complete
jerk who deserved
a good beating and that's what I'm
saying here youtubers on many
occasions when you're watching us
posting videos making us critical
friendship that they disrespect us and such
is simply part of the spectacle and the
internet fun no then maybe we'll
see each other in real life and
we're just cool with it unless
personal issues are touched on in this case
for a pretty ugly subject and it is that I have
insulted the brother of the crazy guy but
today there are ways to fix things
you can meet him at an event and
say hey sorry crazy guy without putting your
arm around him okay like that a tap on
the shoulder or whatever hey sorry the
crazy guy is sorry can we talk for a
second please give him an
apology and surely I think the
crazy guy would talk to you and look there are
things that in certain heats well we
say things that we don't mean and nothing
gentlemen this has been the video for today I
hope you liked it you'll
forgive me that it is a little more subdued
okay but I have a hell of a cold
and I need to rest a little, let's see if they
let me. Enough with the controversy,
see you in the next video.